The father is with his child. He has the boy in his arms. He holds him tight. He keeps him warm.
My son, why are you so afraid? Your face is like the king of the earth, the king of the stars, with crown and tail.
My son, it's a foggy beach.
My dear child, come with me. I'll play with you some beautiful games.
Some colorful flowers are on the beach. My mother has won some gold.
My father, my father, don't you hear what the king promises me quietly?
Be quiet, my child, stay quiet. In the leaves of the wild, the wind blows.
My dear boy, come with me. My daughters are waiting for you.
My daughters are leading the nightly ranks and singing and dancing.
My father, my father, don't you see? The king's daughters are in the desert.
My son, my son, I see it clearly. The Alps seem so grey.
I love you, I am attracted to your beautiful face. And if you don't want to, I need the Alps.
My father, my father, now, touch me. The king has done me a favour.
The father is scared, he is in a hurry. He holds in his arms the child. He reaches the court with effort and courage.
In his arms, the child is waiting.